Add explanation for the keep_compatible attribute of a scenario (#160)
quintel/documentation: docs/main/scenario-tools/creating-and-updating.md

 * **end_year**. The target year / year of interest of each scenario.
 * **description**. Scenario description. This is displayed in the model’s front-end.
 * **id**. Should be left empty if you want to create a new scenario. The ID will be filled in automatically when the scenario is created. If you want to update an existing scenario, you can specify its ID here.

>  * **keep_compatible**. Boolean value. Sets whether the scenario should be changed automatically if we make changes to the model, to keep it compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **keep_compatible**. True or False. Sets whether the scenario should be updated automatically if we make changes to the model; keeping your scenario compatible with future versions of the ETM ([read more](api/scenarios#forward-compatibility)).
```

I think users of these tools are not always aware of what a Boolean means, so it might be better to change it into true or false. Also, we can point them to the expert docs on compatibility with a 'read more', or do you think that is too advanced for them?

Author: Totally agree with your suggestions :) I think adding the 'read more' link is always a good thing! People can always decide for themselves whether they are interested in learning more, and whether it's too advanced or not.
